README.md, before:

# Nvim-Typescript


nvim language service plugin for typescript

![](https://github.com/mhartington/nvim-typescript/blob/master/deoplete-tss.gif)


## Installation

First make sure you have Neovim 0.3.8 or higher.
This includes the node-host that is required for this plugin.

You will need a global install of the neovim client as well.
This will make sure that neovim and node can communicate.


```bash
npm install -g neovim
```

After installing the neovim client, you will have to run `:UpdateRemotePlugins`.

You might want to also have typescript install globally.
By default, this plugin will look in your `node_modules` folder first for typescript, but if that does not exist, it will use the global install.

```bash
npm -g install typescript
```

Then add the following plugins. This example shows [Dein.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/dein.vim) and  [Plug.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug), but any plugin manager will work.

```viml
 " Dein
 # REQUIRED: Add a syntax file. YATS is the best
  call dein#add('HerringtonDarkholme/yats.vim')
  call dein#add('mhartington/nvim-typescript', {'build': './install.sh'})
 " For async completion
  call dein#add('Shougo/deoplete.nvim')
 " For Denite features
  call dein#add('Shougo/denite.nvim')


 " Vim-Plug
 # REQUIRED: Add a syntax file. YATS is the best
  Plug 'HerringtonDarkholme/yats.vim'
  Plug 'mhartington/nvim-typescript', {'do': './install.sh'}
 " For async completion
  Plug 'Shougo/deoplete.nvim'
 " For Denite features
  Plug 'Shougo/denite.nvim'


" Enable deoplete at startup

  let g:deoplete#enable_at_startup = 1
```

If errors occur after installing, make sure to run `./install.sh` in the plugin
directory.  And try to run `:UpdateRemotePlugins` if you haven't already.

## Limitation

If no completion is happening, please be sure to have a Typescript syntax file in your RTP. Neovim does not include a default syntax for Typescript, so be sure to include one. A popular syntax file for Typescript is [yats.vim](https://github.com/HerringtonDarkholme/yats.vim). Running nvim-typescript with no syntax file could lead to unexpected behavior.

## Open Open Source, or how to make this everyone's code

If you happened to build something and would love to make a PR, I would be more than happy to add contributors.
If something you do add happens to get merged (most likely it will :grin: ) you'll get a collaborator request. This has worked out very well in the Node community and I want it to happen here. This is as much my code as it is your code.

See:
- [this site](https://openopensource.github.io/)
- [this talk](https://youtu.be/wIUkWpg9FDY?t=5m10s)

## Debugging

There are a few things you'll have to modify in your nvim config in order to be able to effectively work on this plugin:

```viml
  call dein#local('~/GitHub', {},['nvim-typescript'])
  let $NVIM_NODE_LOG_FILE='nvim-node.log'
  let $NVIM_NODE_LOG_LEVEL='warn'

```
 This plug will try to log most things to warn as the node-client logs a lot of verbose output to debug/info.
 You will now be able to `tail -f /PATH_TO/nvim-node.log`, and see debug output appear.


## TODOS

If there's a feature that you would like to see, feel free to open an issue or send a PR.


Like this plugin? Buy me a coffee on [KoFI](http://ko-fi.com/mhartington)

Commit message:

Update README.md (#278)
Neovim as of 0.4.3 now includes a typescript syntax file by default located at $VIMRUNTIME/syntax/typescript.vim

README.md, after:

# Nvim-Typescript


nvim language service plugin for typescript

![](https://github.com/mhartington/nvim-typescript/blob/master/deoplete-tss.gif)


## Installation

First make sure you have Neovim 0.3.8 or higher.
This includes the node-host that is required for this plugin.

You will need a global install of the neovim client as well.
This will make sure that neovim and node can communicate.


```bash
npm install -g neovim
```

After installing the neovim client, you will have to run `:UpdateRemotePlugins`.

You might want to also have typescript install globally.
By default, this plugin will look in your `node_modules` folder first for typescript, but if that does not exist, it will use the global install.

```bash
npm -g install typescript
```

Then add the following plugins. This example shows [Dein.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/dein.vim) and  [Plug.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug), but any plugin manager will work.

```viml
 " Dein
 # REQUIRED: Add a syntax file. YATS is the best
  call dein#add('HerringtonDarkholme/yats.vim')
  call dein#add('mhartington/nvim-typescript', {'build': './install.sh'})
 " For async completion
  call dein#add('Shougo/deoplete.nvim')
 " For Denite features
  call dein#add('Shougo/denite.nvim')


 " Vim-Plug
 # REQUIRED: Add a syntax file. YATS is the best
  Plug 'HerringtonDarkholme/yats.vim'
  Plug 'mhartington/nvim-typescript', {'do': './install.sh'}
 " For async completion
  Plug 'Shougo/deoplete.nvim'
 " For Denite features
  Plug 'Shougo/denite.nvim'


" Enable deoplete at startup

  let g:deoplete#enable_at_startup = 1
```

If errors occur after installing, make sure to run `./install.sh` in the plugin
directory.  And try to run `:UpdateRemotePlugins` if you haven't already.

## Limitation

If no completion is happening, please be sure to have a Typescript syntax file in your RTP. Older versions of Neovim do not include a default syntax for Typescript, so be sure to include one. A popular syntax file for Typescript is [yats.vim](https://github.com/HerringtonDarkholme/yats.vim). As of v0.4.3, Neovim includes a default Typescript syntax file that is based off yats. Running nvim-typescript with no syntax file could lead to unexpected behavior.

## Open Open Source, or how to make this everyone's code

If you happened to build something and would love to make a PR, I would be more than happy to add contributors.
If something you do add happens to get merged (most likely it will :grin: ) you'll get a collaborator request. This has worked out very well in the Node community and I want it to happen here. This is as much my code as it is your code.

See:
- [this site](https://openopensource.github.io/)
- [this talk](https://youtu.be/wIUkWpg9FDY?t=5m10s)

## Debugging

There are a few things you'll have to modify in your nvim config in order to be able to effectively work on this plugin:

```viml
  call dein#local('~/GitHub', {},['nvim-typescript'])
  let $NVIM_NODE_LOG_FILE='nvim-node.log'
  let $NVIM_NODE_LOG_LEVEL='warn'

```
 This plug will try to log most things to warn as the node-client logs a lot of verbose output to debug/info.
 You will now be able to `tail -f /PATH_TO/nvim-node.log`, and see debug output appear.


## TODOS

If there's a feature that you would like to see, feel free to open an issue or send a PR.


Like this plugin? Buy me a coffee on [KoFI](http://ko-fi.com/mhartington)
